What about chocolate?
OK. you can have it.
Come on. Hello.
Hello.
OK.
You're going to help me out for this?
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
How much is it?OK.
here we go setting.
Thank you.
You can help me. I'll help you to hurry
up the bill.
But I will.
Bye. Bye
bye.
Can and now it's chocolate.
OK.
Mom. mom. mom.
33.
What?
Whoa.
No.
The nation is gripped by fear as a wave
of shock sweeps the country. Her mother
was murdered in broad daylight in front
of her child by another suspected
undocumented migrant. Parents were afraid
to let their. Children play outside. and
many women avoid venturing out after dark
altogether.
There's a twist that has captured the
imagination of the public. Hope doesn't
rest in the. Government officials or law
enforcement? Instead. it lies with an
enigmatic figure. The vigilante citizen
is delivering a brand of justice that
some believe the authorities have failed
to provide. targeting both criminals and
those in power accused of allowing crime
to flourish unchecked. We took to the
streets to hear what people think about
the shadowy figure. Here's what they had
to say. He's a real hero. You know. we
work. we pay taxes. And for what? To help
all of Africa. You see. they come here
and we pay for them. And in return. we
get robbed. And as a woman. you cannot go
out after 9:00 PM anymore. No. it's too
risky. He goes
out there. he goes against all those
criminals. They laugh about the police.
but not about him. I want to marry him.
I mean. he's a real knight and he helps
to help the individual. Continues his
vigilante form of justice. claiming the
police and judicial systems are failing
to protect the public. Last week. the
leader of the prominent. At least in
crime syndicate along with his associate
were discovered dead in a dumpster.
Dying out there. Wow. Have you heard of
this vigilante crime fighter guy over in
Europe? He's like the real deal. This man
is taking out the trash. I think we need
somebody over here in the States like
that. What do you guys think? Comment
down below. let me know.
There's been a lot said about me. so I
thought you should hear directly from me.
Everything that I do. I do for
you. Let's sit here and watch
you exist in a state of sleep paralysis
anymore. The truth is this.
You are all being used. You
are all nothing but playthings.
Every soldier who's gone off to
war thinking that their death was
for an idea. or that their
sacrifice was important for society. has
been played.
Clinton. Biden. Trump.
Never see them on the front lines
of any battle. Why? Because they would
never risk their own lives. They have
you. Tricked you
into thinking that you were dying for
your country. Your country
doesn't do anything for you either.
You walk down the street and
you get stabbed or robbed. killed.
And what does your country do?
Nothing. And
what do you do?
Nothing.
Universe to man's balance.
you must match Yang.
OK.
Listen. You 2 don't say
anything when we are in out of the
talking ship and you just look angry and
that's it. And if the mother focker is
not paying up today you will burn his
******* store down. understand? Yes.
So if you do nothing.
I have to do something.
I have to do something something to do
something do something.
What happened to the lights?
Look. this guy is.
Greatness. OK. We need more guys like
this in Canada. OK. we need them.
I love him.
Is that weird?
In an effort to address these escalating
incidents. we obtained an official
statement from Interpol Regional Chief
Henry. who is leading the initiative to
apprehend this vigilante.
Am I reading this one? Yeah. read it all.
OK. 203.
I believe we might need another
beautiful. I am
here to support local and federal
law enforcement. The investigation is
leading to the possibility of
international terror cell that is against
democracy and it is not impossible
that this terror group is a
movement supported by Russian and or
Chinese government. Institutions that.
Not only active online. but already
active on the ground fighting our
countries in the EU and the USA.
There are indications leading in this
direction.
Hey. hey. hey. hey guys. Your tickets
put you.
Right.
Guys. you did not pay your tickets. It's
150 per person. Buck up and drive. It's
150 per person. Didn't I tell you to sit
down and just ******* bulk?
150 per person. please gentlemen.
everyone on this bus has somewhere they
have to be and for some of us it's
urgent. So please resolve your issues and
go drive the bus. which I understand is
just the thing that I will not continue
driving the bus without everyone having
tickets on it.
Fine.
150 * 3 four fifty. There you go. Let me
just give you a change. Keep the change.
Thank you very much. Enjoy.
Thank you.
Who we are and what we do has
ramifications in our lives. And in
the lives of everyone around us.
You don't understand. All right.
pay attention. Let me explain this to
you. If you get onto a bus and you don't
pay your ticket. if you go to the movie
theater. if you grab a banana at a
grocery store and you don't pay it.
eventually the cost of everything will go
up. 10% doesn't pay. the
cost will go up 10% to cover
the loss and that's not fair.
You might not understand this. but think
about it. I'm sure you'll come to the
right decision.
You're going to look back at this moment
and realize that it is the luckiest you
have ever been. Believe
me.
Thanks for the ticket. Sir.
Yeah.
Please. only 10 minutes. She's very weak.
The lesson?
I can't even imagine everything you've
been through.
What do you want?Who
are you?I'm just here
to help. What do
you want to happen?What
do you mean men who did this to you?
What do you want to happen to them?
What?
Go to jail for the
rest of their lives.
And they might.
Of course. we won't know till the end of
the trial. And that
could take years.
And of course. you'll have to participate
in that trial. Telling the
story of what those men did to you over
and over in a room full of people who
are going to call you a liar and try
to poke holes in every detail of your
story.
And we'll also have to get lucky with the
judgment. You never know how those things
are going to turn out.
And then during that long
and expensive trial.
We have to hope and pray that the
men who did this to you don't do
the same exact thing to somebody else.
Is that the justice that you want?
Do you want
justice?
Ohh yes.
I left this. Guys. we need someone like
him in Germany. That guy is great. We
need guy like. isn't it?
Just to be very clear. We
don't live here. I'm here sure. taking
care of family assets that happen to be
here. but I don't have residency here if
the DNA that you're talking about at the
bar is my DNA.
Two things. One I would.
I would love for you guys to explain to
my lawyer how you managed to obtain the
DNA of a foreign national being an
American citizen. I'm just unclear how
you would have gotten my DNA in the 1st
place. but I'm sure that's something you
can clear up with my lawyers. But also.
as I've said. this is a bar that I
frequent. And it is
a unit that I
own. so we are
a very hands on.
Landlord and management company and
whenever a tenant moves out. quite
often we will go through the
unit to inspect for damage to
make sure that if we can.
we can give them as much
of their security deposit back as
possible.
19 You're out there.
Jane. come and change.
yes. To track the
signal. we've got a lock on it. We're
moving out.
OK. OK. give me the address.
Let's pay this ******* visit.
What if everything they ever taught you
was utter nonsense?
What if that's what each amendment said?
It's cold and lonely at the top
of the mountain of wisdom. a place
free from imposed morals or false
religions or politics. A
place free from man made tools of
oppression only meant to control you.
Look. if you want the cold hard truth.
I'll give it to you.
We can change history. The state.
the court. police. see. you think
that they've failed you. but they
haven't because they were never meant
to give you justice.
No. they only exist. Control
you. Didn't see
but I'm here to help you take that
control back.
OK. I'm here.
Let's stand up.
50. One position.
anything extra. 30 bucks.
Good.
On the bed.
Get on the bed.
What it is?
Small. When you
let clients shower in the bathroom after
you're done. you open the window.
You know why? If you let them shower and
it gets hot. the steam builds up and you
get mold in the room.
But why do you care?
Because I own the building. You
own the building. Wow. really?
So you think you're pimps on the
building? I don't know. So I shouldn't
have took your money? Of course you did
your job. He started
anyway. Now we're
finished.
Other managers about the mold.
Tell them if they don't take care of
it I'll be back. Yes they will. So.
They get 30 more bucks.
You too. OK.
OK.
Plus a little extra.
What are we drinking? Tequila. Tequila.
Yeah. And we are
really. we are nice people. OK? I'm not.
I'm not lying. I'm not lying.
I don't believe you. How are you?
I saw you on TV. You're
dead guy from Interpol TV.
Tonight I'm just a man having a
drink. Can't walk all the time. Ginji.
Really. really wants you to catch
this vigilante. you know?
You're right. but we have the law
for a reason. And people that are
innocent. they can go home. People that
are guilty must pay the price. You
know. we cannot have vigilantes running
around doing their own thing. You know.
that's why I'm here.
We don't want society to collapse.
Who care?
Yes. yes.
You can't talk to him. but still right
now you guys don't have children with us.
Hey. you guys don't have a choice
anymore. OK. Sorry. One drink. no choice.
OK. guys. you got it right? OK. guys.
The hotel room it is. There you go.
Dude. man. I love that shirt. That's
awesome. man. It's on the bottom. No. no.
no. no. no. No. Hey. she wasn't a dude.
She was on my lap.
OK. I'm going to share. OK. I'm going to
share. But The thing is like she is
awesome. dude. Thank you. Like everybody
in this building is awesome. right?
Yeah. you too. You too. Ohh yeah.
But The thing is like. no. no. wait a
minute. So you got the drops. but the
drops that put them in. Yeah. right. OK.
Just I'm not sure what. Should I just pay
attention?
That's right. That's right. Keep it
simple. Keep it simple. Right. You ready?
I'm so ready. I was born ready. dude.
Soon as I'm back. you just go from the
drain straight away. We got to leave. We
got to leave in a minute. Yeah. but we're
going to go for the drink 1st and then
we're going to make sure that we're going
to get them to the hotel. You guys would
the two pretty girls that just went to
the bathroom. Just giving him
a hard time over there. You don't
understand him. Yeah. You serious?
These sucking. joking you're weird joke.
OK.
But if you're looking. I'm going to come
back and smash up your ******* face.
dude. Yeah. it's funny. right?
I mean. we had something. Really. dude?
We had this crazy dude coming up
talking some ********.
It's a female bathroom. What kind of guy
couldn't be any female bathroom?
You know what? We need
this immediately. OK?
And that. When I
saw you're going to have some beautiful
sausages guys. Here we go. Right? Ohh.
I'm sorry we couldn't do it again.
Cheers. Oh.
oh. I got. I think
we need four more. huh?
Ohh wow. you know you're a really naughty
boy. Unfortunately
it seems like a coincidence. I do
go to that bar quite often. It's
one of my favorite bars. Could I
have been at the bar and moved
a glass from a stool where I
wanted to sit? Potentially. It's
definitely a possibility.
What is wrong with you?
I got you.
I don't know what it is. I think they're
playing with us.
I'm good. I'm good. Give me a second.
Give me some for something.
OK. Do you need
some water or do you want it like?
It's time for your girls to go.
These two guys. when you were in the
bathroom. they put something in your
drink. I switched them. That's what's
going on. They drank them. hence sleepy
time. So no matter what you do. you
don't have to go home. I wouldn't stay
with them. Have a good night.
I can all share.
He said.
We sure this is the right house? That's
what I was told. We were
ready. Good. let's move.
Come up.
It's possible that this is not just a
single individual. However. what remains
clear is that our current system is
failing to protect our citizens. This
raises critical questions. If the risks
associated with migration outweigh the
benefits. and if migrants are
contributing more to societal costs than
economic gains. then it may be
time to reevaluate our migrationpolicies.
321 go.
Come out. surrender. I understand that
you're here to do your job. I have no
interest in killing all of you. But if
you try to stop me from doing my job.
I will be forced to kill you all. This
is your last warning to leave.
Fire.
Good on. Let's go.
What's the matter?
Mr. Sanders. we had no idea you were
dropping by today. Well. it wouldn't be
much of a surprise inspection if you did.
would it? Well. we do have the half year
figures for you. so please follow me to
my to your office.
Hope you don't mind me using your office
while you're gone and I need some privacy
for delicate calls with tenants while
behind on their rent. How many behind on
the rent? We always under 10%. So on
average 90% of the rent comes in each
month. Are there fluctuations or is it
the same 10% each month? If so. I want
them. Well. the procedure
is after three months of unpaid rent. we
send a final notice to pay within 4 weeks
and if that payment doesn't come through.
we get a court order and that will allow
us to evict them within seven months
total. So if somebody doesn't want
to pay. they get to live for free for
seven months. If
you want to see it that way. then you
are right. Is there another way to look
at it? We have 3500 units in this city.
Owen. That brings us in €50.400.000
annually. 10% of that is €5.040.000 that
people are stealing from me.
That's unacceptable. Evict them
immediately. Well. the problem is the
courts won't order an eviction anytime
sooner than that may be true.
So you'll start pressuring them after
four weeks of non payment. If that
doesn't work. you give me their addresses
and my people will sort it out. OK?
You can try that. No. we
do that. How was the
Grand Ali project coming along?From
technical acceptance is scheduled for the
end of the week. so all tenants can move
back in on Monday.
Shitshow that was. We're never using that
contractor again. no. So
Owen. the plumbing in my villa is not
finished yet. Have them get on that.
Sure. Also went by the Luglio
project. I took some pictures. Look
at this.
Ohh that's bad. Of
I mean the gauge will be an easy fix.
but the facade no. We don't
do a project that big on that building.
Just make sure it's not going to
collapse. Certainly.
Ohh. well we sure miss having your
father around here.
Never went hunting with my
dad. No. that's surprising. is
it?My mother died when
I was young and he just shipped me off to
boarding school. So I'm 2
* a year. I don't know
anything about him. I didn't even know he
had cancer. I'm sorry to hear that.
Ohh. he always was very proud of your
career in the military though.
Sort out that 10% over
understood.
There was one more issue to address
recently. The tax authorities
investigated deeper into the ownerships
of your holding companies and that raises
a few questions. I mean. since you are
not a registered citizen here. nor did
you enter the country legally.
We might run into a few problems.
We own a lot of social housing units
and the government wants to seize empty
units for housing migrants. No. we can
rent them to them at full cost.
What do we always say. Owen?
No empty units. no empty units. They want
to know who owns those companies. and if
we fail to provide that information. they
will seize all the units on the Kazuki
block without payment or revenue. I'm
sure our lawyers will have something to
say about that. certainly. but there is
only so much they can do.
I urge you to reconsider and provide the
information they requested. I mean. after
all. they will probably roll out the red
carpet for you and even grant you
citizenship without asking any question.
I'm an American one. I'm
just here on an extended vacation.
Short the 10%. yes. OHH. And here are
the half year figures for you.
I've seen them.
Smells like a nursing home in here.
Let's get some fresh blood.
So early. Long
day. Jenny.
OK.
Go here.
OK. I go back. I have
a delivery. I'll watch the bar.
Yes. OK.
Well. my father and I were
estranged. I guess you could say.
I didn't really have much of a
relationship with him growing up. My
mother passed when I was young. and
I think the emotional weight of my
mother's passing. as well as the weight
of trying to grow his company meant
that he had other priorities. Which is
something I've come to terms with and now
that. I'm running things around here
I can really understand. so it's not like
I hold it against him anymore. I was
still in active duty in the United States
Army. and we got a call in the office
that I was working in letting me know
that my father had passed. and I found
myself on my way here for the first time.
Couple days later for his funeral.
What happened?
What a ******* mess.
He's playing with us.
There's nobody in that box anymore.
Check the perimeter. Check
the pulse.
Truck.
We should has to stop.
It's gonna stop.
Good afternoon. Yes. what do you
want? Who are you? Another one
of those reporters. So it looks
like a reporter to you?
Well. I just have one question. Were you
satisfied with the result that was
reached in court and was your daughter?
Why do you ask this? How can you
ask this? How do you know where we
live? So you found no justice in court.
right? I don't have to answer your
questions. man. This is ********.
Go away. No.
There was no justice.
Good afternoon.
Hello. Elsa. I'm
with Interpol. We are very sorry
with what happened to you. Please believe
me. We will use all
of our resources to find whoever did this
to you and put them in jail for a long
time. But you told me that you have them.
That you know where they are. Elsa. I've
not been here before. This is the first
time you're talking. You're
in a coma for three weeks and maybe
you're mistaken me with somebody else.
Uh.
Yeah. Maybe it
was your colleague.
He was very friendly.
He asked me if I want justice.
Colleague.
Was he wearing a uniform? Did he give you
a name?
What do you look like?What
do you look like? It was small.
Caucasian. no.
Or Middle Eastern looking.
Black hair.
Bear. Also
would it be OK if I get those sketch
artist to come so you can give a
description and it would be a great help?
You rest OK.
I will come back.
Rest well.
I don't understand you.
Please.
You are not only mommy too.
OK. I just don't. no. don't do that.
Hi there. please just go home.
Call your mommy.
To my mom.
That's all. That's all.
Maggie.
Ohh ohh. get your phone. call your
parents. Just tell them you want to press
charges on each one of these pieces of
****. I'll give you their names.
Wow. Hello boys. do you
Remember Me?
If I ever see you put your hands on
anyone else ever again. I will visit you
and you will not be walking away from it.
you understand?
You. You remember when I
told you on the bus that it was your
lucky day? Maybe now you understand why.
Oh. oh.
oh. oh.
Oh oh.
Umm. Wow.
If the police don't protect you. I
have to protect you. And if the
courts and the laws don't give you
justice?Art give you
justice. Remember.
I do this for you.
Until you learn to do it
for yourself.
Yes.
Understood.
We searched the neighborhood. full
lockdown. 2 miles perimeter. nothing.
This place was rented under Molly Ling. a
Chinese woman who was paid cash to sign
the lease. She said the mechanic gave her
the money but stated he had no work
permit. Tell
me. Upstairs. all clear.
Look around. Nothing
personal. This was
all a facade. To set
up a fortress.
Open it. Let's go move.
Let's go. go. go.
Judge Reinhold. who are you? Hear from
the chief inspector's office. We have new
information that's come to light.
Thank you.
Jesus.
Hope you're not feeling too nauseous.
Judge. That shot I gave
you?It's going to be
very suspicious when that turns up in
your blood. isn't it? Let's hope they
don't run a toxicology report on your
body.
Who knows. maybe you have a bit of
a tolerance for heroin. You seem to like
heroin dealers anyway. How many of
them have you let back onto the street?
The laws are meant to protect the
victims. right? It's not the
perpetrators. Maybe that's when you lost
your North Star. when you started using
the laws to help people. hurt people.
You know it's not just the perpetrators
cause collateral damage. Judge people
like you letting people get away with
rape and murder. Excusing
their behavior. Letting people get away
with rape and murder. 6 boys
raped a 14 year old girl.
I saw your interview in front
of the courthouse. I saw you
say that these boys just had
an adjustment issue. They didn't
know how to fit into society.
What you don't understand is this society
that you think they don't fit into
is falling apart and dying.
And you are the cancer that is killing
it.
And. you know. judges. people like you.
letting these people get away with it.
Excusing their behavior.
I don't think that makes the famous for
you.
No.
Human beings are such sheep. Even when
you push them to the limit. they
will obey the law even if their
own lives are in danger. Here show
you.
See what happened that car when we went
into their lane instead of just crossing
the line and breaking the law?Going into
our lane. they went into a ditch and
most likely died.
You smell that. Your Honor. That's that
good clean country air.
I'd like to show you something.
Look. It's you.
See what you have to say. This
is all I have prepared and this is all
what I'm going to say to you.
Our politics failed to integrate teenage
migrants into our society. also didn't
give them the help to function by
our rules and our laws. The gangrene
was in a way. a cry for
help and structure. Not
only the young girl is the victim. they
are also victims.
You really believe that?Also. the
perpetrators get in trouble with noise.
It doesn't help the young girl if they're
getting locked up and getting their
normal life for a long time denied.
The full gentleman.
That was you.
After letting a gang of rapists free.
You let a gang of rapists go.
You know that makes you.
Just as bad as the perpetrators.
Might as well have raped her yourself.
Maybe that's why you decided.
Come out here. Drown
your sorrows.
Hello. In
Madras. Messaging.
Sure.
Very.
Hello Ibrahim. blessings to you and your
family. I was wondering if we could have
a quick chat about your son.
No. I'm just a citizen here to help.
If you wanted something you can go to
our lawyer. We don't have nothing to say.
sorry. Maybe we have just a little chat.
Back.
Ohh good yousef's here.
relax.
Ohh Yousef. Yousef. Where are they?
What's wrong with the?
What's going you doing?Go
talk to your son. Something around his
leg. I didn't hit an artery. He should be
fine. You you get the
cell phones off the table. All of them
pick them up.
Move yourself to the couch.
Over to the couch. Cell phones down on
the table. What do you want from them on
the table? I want you to have a seat.
We're going to have a little chat. What
are you doing? Have a seat.
Have a seat.
Set 3.
21.
Smart man.
Or from. What's
up?So
I guess you're wondering why I'm here.
Are here because of my son. because of
the court. Umm. the
quote free him. And this is the quote
from your country of course. because your
son and his friends had to rape that
14 year old girl.
They're so traumatized from their
childhood that they couldn't keep their
***** in their pants. He's
young. he don't know nothing.
Is that why you did it yourself? I'm
not sorry. I'm sorry we did that. We
thought she wanted it.
You thought that she wanted you to grab
her and pull her into a Bush in the
quiet part of the park. but she wanted
you to put your hand over her mouth while
your seven friends took turns ****** her.
She had to crawl out of those bushes on
her hands and knees. and now she lives.
Every single day. afraid of what you
and your friends might do since you
were acquitted. It was very good work
by your attorney. by the way. painting
them as the victim. What was it?
Traumatic integration. We're really
getting mental help now and support. We
will be better in the future. I
promise that it's the right answer.
The only problem is that on
your social media since the event.
I have not seen any regret.
Or empathy. In fact. I think you
said that she deserved to be raped.
What do you mean? Did they dress
wrong and just make boys harmony with
their miniskirts? They showed their legs
and breasts. You wrote that she deserved
it. I will delete it.
Are these the values you're teaching your
children? I teach them the values from
Quran and these values from our family.
Well. if these are your values.
That women in America and Europe deserve
to be raped because of a dress code. Why
did you come here? You know that we have
several war in our country and we have a
dangerous life. That's why we are here.
And I think you know that. You know what
I think? I don't think it was the good
ones. Got out of your country.
I think it was the bad
ones. And I think you brought
with you your archaic value system
and your commitment to religion over
democracy and over anything else.
including the rule of law.
Yourself. you're going to pick up your
phone. You're going to start calling your
friends 1 by 1 and telling them to come
over here right now that you have new
information for them.
You know. yes. you will. And what
do you want to do with them?
Ohh. We're just going to have a
little chat. same as we're having right
now. I'll be not coordinating. no.
Interesting.
5432. we'll see.
Right now. Cool.
Thank you. Hey dude.
it's me. You need to come
over here right now. We could
get charged again. We have a
problem. I'm here with my attorney
and bring your brother a college
with. No. right now.
Good job. Yousef. I'll call the next one.
Nope.
You go get the door.
No funny business or I
shoot mom. Go OK.
What's wrong?
What happened? What's wrong?
Hello. Come in.
Go. go. go.
Go. Go
in. It's OK. It's OK. Everything's OK.
Here is somebody from the State
Attorney's Office.
Hello. Hello Chief
Henry. I'm very happy you survived
because I have a message for you to
take to the government.
What is this message?
It's the same message I told you when
you tried to storm my bunker. that the
people will not accept a takeover.
What you are attempting here?
It cannot be allowed to continue this
mayhem. You see?
As much as I love Europe. but it's deep
history. You simply cannot
continue. My
officers and I. We
swore to an unbreakable pledge to protect
and serve. And you know.
Have crossed the line too many
times. You're hurting innocent people.
Including myself.
This is unacceptable. I have no choice
but to bring you in and I will.
These people you speak of.
they never voted for what's
happening. This is an unfriendly
takeover by the Islamist extremists
and the blind sided woke
left. With this
takeover is successful little to destroy
the democracy. You say you love all
the freedom. everything you enjoy and
stand for. There's
only one option. you end
this. or we the people
will end it ourselves.
Now take this message.
I remind you.
My oath. my job.
Is part of the stability of this
democracy you speak of?
And you overestimate my capabilities
of delivering this message.
I don't think so. chief. After all.
you're the only one with the message.
Now take it to them. They will listen.
3 judges have recently died under
circumstances initially ruled a suicide.
though their timing appears highly
suspicious. Today. yet another judge was
discovered dead in their car on the
outskirts of the city. Authorities are
now investigating what they consider to
be a series of murders rather than
coincidences.
Evan.
Dragged down this number. Then called
my superior. I
need to speak to the Prime Minister.
If she won't talk to me.
You find every member of the press. you
bring them to me. Yes. Sir.
All individuals implicated in the recent
gang rape case who avoided prison
sentences are now dead.
Including the entire family of Yusuf Al
Shira who resided there. It appears the
vigilante citizen has struck again. This
raises pressing questions. What possesses
the greater threat to society. the
criminals committing these heinous acts
or the vigilante who was eliminating them
according to Europe's criminal statistics?
There are 105.000 violent crimes were
attributed to migrants last year.
including 980 murders and over 18.000
reported cases of sexual assault
involving immigrants from Africa.
What does this mean for our legal system?
Is this vigilante only stepping in
because our system has failed to ensure
safety and justice for the public?
Stay safe out there and thank you for
watching World News.
I'm here to help you take that
control back. I'm here to show you
that you are no longer the victims.
I'm here to show you.
It's time to go out and show
these fukers. That they aren't getting
away with it anymore.
Number. I do this
for you. Until
you learn to do it for
yourself.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-